It is a part of maintenance
It is the end of this microphone and extinction
I'm creating this red data book
I want to get in the middle
People who think that it is good that we want to think about Nagasaki Main Line
Was the first time I started this exercise
Construction plan of the Chunshin area collected from 791 people
We will not be quick while Nagasaki
Record 40 degrees, etc.
Total operating expenses 270.0 billion yen
Nao Sakata
It is said that there is a shortening effect of the 20th century
Shinkansen first
That's right
We-
I'm thinking it might not be necessary
Right
You can do it in the present situation
Election polls since part of the recession on the old Nagasaki Line
Squeezed management from jr
Studying under the 3rd term
Each Kashima city is opposed
The atmosphere was conditioned on local consent
I never reached the line
And the possibility that this will survive in the third sector in the family business
It will be extremely low
In other words, it will be a scrap line
It was also Tokyo
Nobuo Nakajima
The conventional line is a middle strike
I made a movie more
It's not Disneyland if you dance in the future
21 in 21 of the total 1 over 21 Brazil of last year's champions Bulgaria
First round with
Opened four years ago
Kyushu Shinkansen
Is that so
I cleared the haze
Shinkansen opening of business
Same 24 minutes
Commercial facilities nearby
Many spectators came to gather
what goes around comes around
jr was pulled away from kyushu
The former Kagoshima Main Line
Current
Promote use of railways
Carefully check the children along the way
River width of Arakawa expands
There are a lot of number of rising prices
Yokohama was bright
The opening width has been noticeable in Baghdad
Quite
Foreign Minister was frb
Orenji Railway
Kumamoto Okayama Shimane
Local Okinawa mayor instructed
Last year's deficit amounted to € 178 million
Takahara will be the second shopping street before the end of this week
But Nagoya University
I understood for a week
Japanese edition
For regional activation
Shadow part
Off Kannonzaki
home
In terms of results
Spring flowers
this
From Yamaha
Signs of spring
Residents of Nagasaki
How do you think about the Shinkansen
Mr. Fujimoto appeared
There is also a Shinkansen
Percentage of residents in the country
Fa acquisition years
Much higher than necessary
Senjo minutes of life
There is no need to force it
Victor settles
I think it will be
I think that a male clerk 27 jumps into a man
And last month 21
Saga Prefecture Nagasaki Prefecture jr Kyushu 3 companies
House
We continued, but as the agreement was made, 271111
The contents of the agreement are facts
About part section of present Nagasaki Main Line taking over after Shinkansen opening of business
Appeared as appearance fee etc. Small Nagasaki both prefectures are tight
It will cost ¥ 1.4 billion for a maximum of 1
The Imperial Family jr keeps for 20 years
Clogged Nagasaki Main Line
Management is separated from jr and the inside keeps value
It will be in the state of construction of Shinkansen
Consent of local authorities along the route such as Kashima city is obtained
Is it unnecessary?
I mean helplessness
There is Sumitomo Electric Co., Ltd.
h 10,000 yen
We ignore the safety of our opinions that we suffer from
It means that it has been done
I can not do that
What does this change
Does not become the third sector
The number of express is my current 8 people
I do not know at the moment
I think the station is not the only one this time
A very rich variety of exchanges that accompany various cultures
I think I was able to
Local autonomy
It wasn't ahead, it became a little bit
I guess it's supposed to be ignored
To visit in February
This maintenance plan was decided, but 35 years ago
There is almost no ban on the First Sedimentation Pond, etc.
Well, 21 local governors of the prefecture organization in July like that.
Come of degree
Kagoshima route of the 4 weeks war
If 3 models corresponding to this were able to do without treasure by Toshiba
It is good
Koshien is really necessary for the area over the age L
It's about whether or not
18 days high